Client registration #9333 ke (#36)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/cli-client-proxy.adoc

[[cli-client-proxy]]
== Register on the Command Line (Salt)

// Might need an 'unsupported' note? LKB 2019-05-01
// cf. https://bugzilla.suse.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1131398
// I'd say "no", according to the outcome of
// https://github.com/SUSE/spacewalk/issues/9333 KE 2019-12-17

Instead of the {webui}, you can use the command line to register a Salt client to a proxy.
This procedure requires that you have installed the Salt package on the Salt client before registration.
For SLE 12 based clients, you also must have activated the [systemitem]``Advanced Systems Management`` module.

[NOTE]
====

> Registring on the command line is also possible with traditional clients, but it requires more steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registering traditional clients on the command line is also possible, but it requires more steps.
```

It is not covered here.
Use the bootstrap script procedure to register traditional clients.
For more information, see xref:script-client-proxy.adoc[].
====

.Procedure: Registering Clients to a Proxy Using the Command Line

. Choose a client configuration file located at:
+
----
/etc/salt/minion
----
+
or:
+
----
/etc/salt/minion.d/NAME.conf
----
+

> This is sometimes also called minion file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is sometimes also called a minion file.
```

. Add the proxy FQDN as the `master` to the client configuration file:
+
----
master: PROXY123.EXAMPLE.COM
----

> . Save and restart the [systemitem]``salt-minion`` service:

Reviewer: The 'save' part of this step belongs to the previous step.

Author: good spot :)
